---
description: 'Last updated: 31 January, 2022'
---

# Privacy Policy

## What information do you collect?

Information about Discord objects (guilds, users, channels etc.) may be stored to provide the service or for abuse prevention, such as user & guild blacklists. These are usually stored as their unique snowflake generated by Discord, allowing Apollo to retrieve information about them through Discord's API. All information stored on these objects are not end user data and may be excluded from data deletion requests.

Message content is cached in memory to provide features such as snipe command but is never stored outside of this cache unless for debugging purposes. Apollo does not store full message content on disk for any reason not related to providing the service.

{% hint style="success" %}
<mark style="color:green;">You're in control!</mark>

You can run the command `snipetoggle` to prevent your messages being cached for the snipe command.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

## Where is this data stored?

Any data collected by Apollo is stored in the secure databases located in the server the bot is hosted on (DigitalOcean). This data is only accessible to the bot owner(s) and the hosting provider.

Periodic backups of the database are taken as a safety precaution to prevent data loss.&#x20;

As for third-party services, we cannot guarantee where the data is stored therefore we are unable to guarantee data will not be processed and/or stored in certain locations.

## Why is the said data collected?

The information received and stored is used in accordance with this privacy policy. This data is solely used to provide and improve our services.

**We do not sell or share any data we collect.**

## How long is the data stored?

All data related to a guild will be deleted permanently upon removal of the bot from the guild. Any data cached in memory is either stored until the bot restarts or cleared on regular intervals. You can see how long the bot is online for (therefore how long the data has been cached) using the `stats` command.

In addition to this:

* Guild administrators have the permission to reset all guild data using the `reset` command, without needing to remove the bot.
* Users can opt out of message content collection by using the `snipetoggle` command.

## Deletion of data

You can contact us at our [Support Server ](https://discord.gg/CQsfW5pb2e)to request deletion of your data.

## Final Words

We may, at any time, and at our sole discretion, update or modify this document with or without prior notice, which we may do for reasons that include, but are not limited to, complying with changes to the law or reflecting changes to our services. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, your continued use of the Service after we post modifications will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to those changes. If you object to the changes, you shall stop using our services and can request data removal as outlined above.
